README.md, before:


# ChatApp
---

## TODO
- [x] Login view/view model
- [x] Set up MySQL database for user account and data persistence
- [x] Sign up view/view model
- [x] Home page view/view model
- [x] Account view/view model  
- [x] Avatar picker with persistance
- [ ] Finish Admin view/view model (add edit functionality)
- [ ] Set up OpenAI API
- [ ] Add Chat/Messages model
- [ ] Finish Chat/Messages view/view model   

---

## Images

### Home Screen
<img src="./Images/homeview_update.png" alt="Home Screen" width="400">

---
### Login Screen
<img src="./Images/login_view_new.png" alt="Login screen" width="400">

---
### Account Screen
<img src="./Images/account_view_new.png" alt="Login screen" width="400">

---
### Home Screen While Logged In
<img src="./Images/homeview_loggedin.png" width="400">

---
### Chat View
<img src="./Images/chatview_update.png" alt="Chat screen" width="400">

---
### Sign Up View
<img src="./Images/signup_view_new.png" alt="Signup screen" width="400">

---
### Admin Panel View
<img src="./Images/admin_panel_view.png" alt="Admin panel screen" width="400">

Commit message:

Started working on method to render markdown and bind to RichTextBox; updated README

README.md, after:


# ChatApp
---

## TODO
- [x] Login view/view model
- [x] Set up MySQL database for user account and data persistence
- [x] Sign up view/view model
- [x] Home page view/view model
- [x] Account view/view model  
- [x] Avatar picker with persistance
- [ ] Finish Admin view/view model (add edit functionality)
- [x] Updated UI with Material Design in XAML Toolkit
- [x] Set up OpenAI API
- [x] Add Chat/Messages model
	- [ ] Implement method to bind formatted response to RichTextBox
- [ ] Finish Chat/Messages view/view model   

---

## Images

### Updated UI with Material Design in XAML Toolkit/package
<img src="./Images/updated_ui.png" alt="Updated UI with drop menu" width="400">

#### Implemented light/dark theme toggle button
<img src="./Images/light_theme.png" alt="Light theme" width="300">
<img src="./Images/dark_theme.png" alt="Dark theme" width="300">

### Home Screen
<img src="./Images/homeview_update.png" alt="Home Screen" width="400">

---
### Login Screen
<img src="./Images/login_view_new.png" alt="Login screen" width="400">

---
### Account Screen

- Updated account view with new Material Design theming
- Avatar image zoom functionality when the rounded avatar is clicked

<img src="./Images/account_view_update.png" alt="Login screen" width="300">
<img src="./Images/avatar_zoom_account.png" alt="Avatar zoom" width="300">

---
### Home Screen While Logged In
<img src="./Images/homeview_loggedin.png" width="400">

---
### Chat View

Chatbot page with working stream/regular responses using the Responses API
- Next will be working on binding the reply to a RichTextBox for output formatting (currently bound to a normal TextBox)

<img src="./Images/working_chat_view.png" alt="Chat screen" width="400">

---
### Sign Up View
<img src="./Images/signup_view_new.png" alt="Signup screen" width="400">

---
### Admin Panel View
<img src="./Images/admin_panel_view.png" alt="Admin panel screen" width="400">
